Passionate full-stack developer with over 20 years experience across multiple industries. Confident in working at all levels with the client (both technical and non-technical) and able to translate complex designs into simpler, more scalable solutions, while ensuring predictable outcomes. I have been involved at all aspects of the SDLC from design, development, testing, build and deployment. I’ve worked in agile environments where mostly Scrum or Kanban methodologies were followed.

I've developed backends in C#.NET, NodeJs & Python, but also have a fair amount of experience developing frontends (mostly Angular web frontends, but have experience working with React too). I have a keen interest in everything microservices (scalability, high availability, long running processes, sagas, etc.), of which I have had a fair amount of experience developing. TDD is something I've ingrained in my development process as it provides piece of mind knowing that I can confidently introduce change without breaking existing functionality.

I’ve been involved in several cloud-based projects across both Azure and AWS. I've been involved with development of serverless solutions, migrated large database solutions from on-premises to PaaS services, developed web apps (Angular & React) that were also hosted using PaaS services, etc. Across several projects, I've used infrastructure-as-code (IaC) (both Terraform & Bicep) to provision environments in the cloud using CICD pipelines.

I'm also keen on DevOps and have worked more recently setting up CICD pipelines in Azure DevOps on several projects, although have experience working with Team City, Jenkins, and Bamboo too.
